updating summary and release notes for v15.0.1 (#11852)
vitessio/vitess: doc/releasenotes/15_0_1_release_notes.md

An issue in versions `<= v14.0.3` and `<= v15.0.0` that generated corrupted results for non-full-group-by queries with a JOIN
is now fixed. The full issue can be found [here](https://github.com/vitessio/vitess/issues/11625), and its fix [here](https://github.com/vitessio/vitess/pull/11633).

### VtAdmin web folder is missing while installing Vitess with local method

> When we try to install Vitess with local method (https://vitess.io/docs/15.0/get-started/local/#install-vitess) for release 15.0, we are getting following error

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When we try to install Vitess locally (https://vitess.io/docs/15.0/get-started/local/#install-vitess) on `v15.0`, we are getting the following error
```
